# Decision-Tree-Algorithm
Performed classification using Decision Tree

Machine Learning is a technique of making a machine learn on its own. It is a study involving algorithms and statistical models facilitating the computer machine to perform the tasks without explicit human instructions. Machine learning is used for analysis of data and forms the part of artificial intelligence. The machine learning algorithms have wide applications as they are used for making predictions through computers. Machine learning algorithms are generally categorized into two main categories: supervised and unsupervised. Supervised algorithms, as the name suggests, are those machine learning algorithms which require to be supervised by a data analyst or a data scientist. On the other hand, unsupervised machine learning algorithms are the ones which do not require any supervision or training with respect to desired outcome result.

There are a variety of machine learning algorithms ranging from simple to highly complex algorithms. These algorithms have a wide variety of applications too. One such algorithm which has been used in this assignment is Decision Tree. Decision tree is a supervised machine learning algorithm having wide usage. This algorithm can be used for both regression as well as classification. The algorithm has a graphical representation in the form of a tree which helps in making a decision. The algorithm is a non-parametric algorithm making hierarchical arrangement about the outcome variables and is represented in a flowchart-like structure. This flowchart-like structure is in the form of a tree containing leaf nodes which represent class labels and the internal nodes representing the attributes. The link or the branch of the tree is a representation of a decision or a rule.

The present project contains two parts: Part A and Part B. Both the parts involve different datasets on which the decision tree algorithm is performed. Part A of the project contains the German Credit Dataset and Part B of the project contains the Mushroom Dataset. 
